### Introduction

Thank you for contributing to Emlid docs! Before making your first commit and pull request, please check the simple rules we follow to keep things in order in our repositories.

### How to write a commit message

We use the following format for our commit messages:

* Prepend the message with subsystem, separated by a colon. Subsystem can be a source file, like `quickstart.md` or a part of the repository, like `docs`. Big projects might require several subsystems
* Write present-tense, imperative-style commit messages
* First line of the commit message is called a summary. Summary is 80 characters max, no dot at the end
* If an issue is not trivial, a detailed explanation text is required after the summary. In some cases, it is fine to use a dot list (use symbol '-')

###### Examples

```
docs: common: specs.md: add link to device_name datasheet
```

```
docs: tutorials: how-to-do.md: fix some typos

- change 'configuraton' to 'configuration';
- delete the repeated word 'typo'
```
### How to name a branch

Even if you want to fix just one typo, please create a separate branch for it.

You should name it in format `pr-feature-name`. Branches with such names are used for pull requests. Please make sure all commits in the branch have a correct description.

###### Examples

* `pr-fix-typo`
* `pr-add-link`

### How to form pull requests

A pull request should always have a nice title that describes what it is about. It shouldn't be autogenerated from the last commit message. The PR's body should have a comprehensive list of changes.

Please be nice and polite and don't forget to check spelling and grammar before making a pull request.

###### Example

**Add links in quickstart.md and fix a typo in specs.md**

```
Add link to the 'tutorial_name' tutorial and to the pinout of the device_name in docs: quickstart.md.

Delete the repeated point at the end at first sentence in docs: common: specs.md.
```
